Fix and improve toggle docs (#303)
openedx/edx-toggles: docs/how_to/implement_the_right_toggle_type.rst

.. _Configuration Models: https://github.com/openedx/django-config-models/

Creating and naming toggles
----------------------------

Flags and switches are created with a name. The namespace prefix is used to categorize them and prevent conflicts.

.. code:: python

    FOO_FLAG = WaffleFlag('namespace.some_feature', module_name=__name__)
    BAR_SWITCH = WaffleSwitch('namespace.some_feature', module_name=__name__)
    BAZ_TOGGLE = SettingToggle("SOME_SETTING_TOGGLE", default=False, module_name=__name__)

> When naming a setting to be used as a toggle, consider the following recommendations:
> 
> - Use the suffix ``_TOGGLE`` to clarify that the setting is being used as a toggle.
> - Avoid ``ENABLE`` or ``ENABLED`` in the name. It is redundant when accessing toggles.
> - Avoid ``DISABLE`` or ``DISABLED`` in the name. It makes accessing the toggle very confusing (e.g. ``DISABLE_MY_FEATURE.is_enabled()``). Consider defaulting the toggle to True instead.

Reviewer: Non-blocking: This is good guidance to have for switches and flags, too. Here's a suggestion of how you could generalize the guidance to all three toggle types:

```suggestion
When naming a toggle, consider the following recommendations:

- Use the suffixes ``_FLAG`` or ``_SWITCH`` to indicate Waffle flags and switches, respectively. Use the suffix ``_TOGGLE`` to clarify that a setting is being used as a toggle.
- Avoid ``ENABLE`` or ``ENABLED`` in the name. It is redundant when accessing toggles (e.g. ``ENABLE_MY_EXPERIMENT_FLAG.is_enabled()``).
- Avoid ``DISABLE`` or ``DISABLED`` in the name. It makes accessing the toggle very confusing (e.g. ``DISABLE_MY_FEATURE.is_enabled()``). For settings toggles, consider defaulting the toggle to True instead. For Waffle switches and flags, which must default to False, consider re-framing them to positively describe the enabled state (e.g. ``LEGACY_EXPERIENCE_FLAG`` instead of ``DISABLE_NEW_EXPERIENCE_FLAG``).
```

.. code:: python

    from whereever import FOO_FLAG, BAR_SWITCH, SETTING_TOGGLE_BAZ

>     FOO_FLAG.is_enabled()

Author: **Note to self:** Add examples with new methods once https://github.com/openedx/edx-toggles/pull/293 lands.
